can't touch this can't touch this Hey
well it's here where the halo movie team
and we're gonna do this Frank to this
new which his gamertag is Spartan and
some other numbers 30 and we're going to
invite him which is right now and go
you'll watch the prank I created oh ok
turn into our team blue they're going to
be the one who's going to be performing
this bitch and you're gonna be a youtube
all right ok now so everyone meet in the
middle
right here okay so according to bungee
no bungee had made this level special
you know it means it means something you
know you see these letters the walls you
see those letters of the windows they
mean something actually and it has
something to do with that guy you know
the one up here he says if you it gives
you some kind of special weapon but
according to what we found on the
internet you gotta do a process of
glitches you know like it's a process of
being with you you are you ready to do
it but do I still have to say everything
ok what you have to do you see these
life is right here well you gotta kind
of follow them like run aha like you
know do the arts the art you know kurz
there's a curve there they're just
hollow like super follow me now turn
around and go into this night hurry up
it's gonna be fast well I the other side
this here right here yeah
Ruby Sebastin do it came in the other
side there okay stop it's cool now okay
now key back um the floors right here
something it's just something about down
there like Teva trying to get down there
see baguette Ted signs one now then
follow me call me hurry up turn so minor
follow me hey you gonna get outside here
you're going to suicide besides hurry up
no not return to the human ear it won't
work if there we go now let's meet in
the middle again now going to Bunji
Bunji answer system some kind of system
that can hear every player
but you can hear it so we spend right
here and turn to the king film oh great
golden monitor oh great Holden monitor
please give me your great weapon you
have created please give me your great
weapon that you have created no to you
Mack nah now say macro booty but cloudy
macaroni we blew it did you get the
weapon you just got punk'd on noobs on
cam
oh yes you will be famous thank you
hi macaroni macaroni I loved it yo you
guys okay now parlin 94-96 is here i'm
fron 94-96 time on news on cam